CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

---
title: Contributing
---

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

# Types of Contributions

## Report Bugs

Report bugs at <https://github.com/onjin/runenv/issues>.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

-   Your operating system name and version.
-   Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in
    troubleshooting.
-   Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

## Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with \"bug\" is
open to whoever wants to implement it.

## Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with
\"feature\" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

## Write Documentation

runenv could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official runenv docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

## Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at
<https://github.com/onjin/runenv/issues>.

If you are proposing a feature:

-   Explain in detail how it would work.
-   Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to
    implement.
-   Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that
    contributions are welcome :)

# Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Here\'s how to set up [runenv]{.title-ref} for
local development.

1.  Fork the [runenv]{.title-ref} repo on GitHub.

2.  Clone your fork locally:

        $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/runenv.git

3.  Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have
    virtualenvwrapper installed, this is how you set up your fork for
    local development:

        $ mkvirtualenv .venv
        $ source ./.venv/bin/activate
        $ pip install -e .

4.  Create a branch for local development:

        $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

    Now you can make your changes locally.

5.  When you\'re done making changes, check that your changes pass
    flake8 and the tests, including testing other Python versions with
    tox:

        $ pip install hatch
        $ make lint
        $ make test

6.  Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

        $ git add .
        $ git commit -m "feat:Your detailed description of your changes."
        $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7.  Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

# Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1.  The pull request should include tests.
2.  If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated.
    Put your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add
    the feature to the list in README.md.
3.  The pull request should work for Python 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11 and
    3.12, and for PyPy. Check
    <https://travis-ci.org/onjin/runenv/pull_requests> and make sure
    that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Commit message:

tests: fix hatch testing env matrix name and scripts

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

---
title: Contributing
---

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

# Types of Contributions

## Report Bugs

Report bugs at <https://github.com/onjin/runenv/issues>.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

-   Your operating system name and version.
-   Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in
    troubleshooting.
-   Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

## Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with \"bug\" is
open to whoever wants to implement it.

## Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with
\"feature\" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

## Write Documentation

runenv could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official runenv docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

## Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at
<https://github.com/onjin/runenv/issues>.

If you are proposing a feature:

-   Explain in detail how it would work.
-   Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to
    implement.
-   Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that
    contributions are welcome :)

# Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Here\'s how to set up [runenv]{.title-ref} for
local development.

1.  Fork the [runenv]{.title-ref} repo on GitHub.

2.  Clone your fork locally:

        $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/runenv.git

3.  Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have
    virtualenvwrapper installed, this is how you set up your fork for
    local development:

        $ mkvirtualenv .venv
        $ source ./.venv/bin/activate
        $ pip install -e .

4.  Create a branch for local development:

        $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

    Now you can make your changes locally.

5.  When you\'re done making changes, check that your changes pass
    lint and the tests.

        $ pip install hatch
        $ make lint
        $ make test         # for python in your env
        $ make test-all     # for all supported python versions

6.  Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

        $ git add .
        $ git commit -m "feat:Your detailed description of your changes."
        $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7.  Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

# Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1.  The pull request should include tests.
2.  If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated.
    Put your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add
    the feature to the list in README.md.
3.  The pull request should work for Python 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11 and
    3.12, and for PyPy. Check
    <https://travis-ci.org/onjin/runenv/pull_requests> and make sure
    that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.
